I don’t know anyone’s jewelry is fake.
Not very good. Why do you think everything I sell is fake?
If there is jewelry worth ten thousand yuan, it will be there. I just hired this spy.
Everyone, he was thrown into the water over ten thousand yuan of jewelry.
Li Fei, you said there are fakes in my store.
Where's the evidence? My eldest sister, Hiroko, brought this fat crispy piece with me.
He's just a fake. What? I just bought this from there.
There are also ones that have been appraised by professional masters.
How could it be fake? Don’t find a decent one.
Everyone, he is the boss of Tianmei Jewelry.
The colleague is unjust. He is stupid and careful.
Not like everyone guarantees. Everyone in our store,
Small products are carefully identified
It can't be fake if it's true, and it can't be true if it's false.
It’s inconvenient for everyone to let me verify the fraud.
This fisherman spent a lot of money
If your business is not as good as others, you have to admit it
As expected, not
It’s not Beijiao at all.
But water foam jade water foam jade